Mr. Jin, I'm sorry
I lied to you.
I'm a bad gambler
How could I have anything to do with the eldest lady?
No, no, I can really save the eldest lady
I'm just afraid that you won't let me write for the eldest lady
I can't even get the 5 million
Lin Niannian just gave me 500,000
Compared with the handle of the eldest lady of the Luo family, it is a fart.
As long as you take a TV to threaten Luoxue Qing
I'm afraid I won't have money to spend
Come on 5 million won't miss you a penny
You get out of the way
Remember that your plan failed
Why don't you go back to the capital with me and fail?
Quite the contrary.
Although I underestimated the extent of Zhou Liangren's greed
But a bad gambler like him
I will definitely cling to Luoxue
Brother 4 Feng, there is something else I need your help with.
miss
I can help you.
But
You are now caught in the vortex of revenge
In the middle
I can't just watch you do this.
sink
Xueqing, how are you awake?
Mom, I'll never see you again
Don't be afraid, mom is always there.
The cause of Mr. Ye's accident has been found